c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\bin\Debug\vbaExportr.exe.config
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\bin\Debug\vbaExportr.exe
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\bin\Debug\vbaExportr.pdb
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr.g.resources
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr.exe
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr.pdb
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\weeksdev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
C:\Users\WeeksDev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\bin\Debug\vbaExportr.exe.manifest
C:\Users\WeeksDev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\bin\Debug\vbaExportr.application
C:\Users\WeeksDev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr.exe.manifest
C:\Users\WeeksDev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\vbaExportr\vbaExportr\obj\Debug\vbaExportr.application
